Change the Listener documentation (#326)
stackabletech/listener-operator: docs/modules/listener-operator/pages/usage.adoc

= Usage

> The Listener Operator is used differently depending on whether you're using Stackable data platform operators or building custom applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Listener Operator is used differently depending on whether you are using Stackable data platform operators or building custom applications.
```

== For Stackable Data Platform Users

> If you're using Stackable data platform operators (NiFi, Kafka, Druid, etc.), the Listener Operator works automatically behind the scenes when you specify a `listenerClass` in your cluster configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Stackable data platform operators (NiFi, Kafka, Druid, etc.), the Listener Operator works automatically behind the scenes when you specify a `listenerClass` in your cluster configuration.
```

=== What Happens Automatically

The Stackable operator will automatically:

* Create Listener and Service resources based on your `listenerClass`
* Configure the appropriate service type (LoadBalancer, NodePort, ClusterIP) for your environment
* Handle port remapping and expose the correct ports
* Inject connection details into the application pods, making them aware of their own external addresses and ports

=== Finding Your Services

After deployment, you can find your services and connection information using the cluster and role names:

[source,bash]
----
# List all services - look for services matching your cluster
kubectl get services

# For a NiFi cluster named "nifi", the service will typically be named:
# nifi-node (for the node role)

# List listeners (same names as services)
kubectl get listeners

# Get detailed connection information from the listener
kubectl get listener nifi-node -o yaml
----

The Listener status shows the exact addresses and ports for connections:

[source,yaml]
----
status:
  ingressAddresses:
    - address: 172.21.0.3
      addressType: IP
      ports:
        https: 8443
----

.Connection methods:

> - **From within Kubernetes**: Use the service name (`nifi-node.default.svc.cluster.local`)

Reviewer: I always think you may confuse this with our default rolegroup etc...but if you start parameterizing this what about cluster name, cluster domain...can be ignored :)
```suggestion
- **From within Kubernetes**: Use the service name (`nifi-node.<namespace>.svc.cluster.local`)
```

include::example$usage-pod.yaml[]
----
<1> Defines an _ephemeral_ listener, meaning that it will automatically be deleted when the `Pod` is.

> <2> Defines that we want to expose this pod by automatically creating a service according to the xref:listenerclass.adoc[] `external-stable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Defines the accessibility of this pod by automatically creating a service according to the xref:listenerclass.adoc[] `external-stable`.
```

> <3> Mounts metadata about the `Listener` (such as the port mapping and IP address) into `/listener`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> Mounts metadata about the `Listener` (such as the port mapping and IP address) into the pod's `/listener` directory.
```
